>> ### Exercise 10-5: Different Boxes
>>
>> Together with the exercise body, you find the classes `Thing` and `Box`. The class `Box` is abstract, and it is programmed so that adding things always implies calling the method `add`. The `add` method, resposible of adding one thing, is abstract, and any box which inherits the class `Box` has to implement the method `add`. Your task is modifying the class `Thing` and implementing various different boxes based on `Box`.
>>
>>Add all new classes to the package `boxes`.
>>
>>```java
>>package boxes;
>>
>>import java.util.Collection;
>>
>>public abstract class Box {
>>
>>    public abstract void add(Thing thing);
>>
>>    public void add(Collection<Thing> things) {
>>        for (Thing thing : things) {
>>            add(thing);
>>        }
>>    }
>>
>>    public abstract boolean isInTheBox(Thing thing);
>>}
>>```
>>
>> #### Exercise 10-5.1: Modifications to Thing
>>
>>Add an inspection to the constructor of `Thing`, to make sure that the thing's weight is never negative (weight 0 is accepted). If the weight is negative, the constructor has to throw an `IllegalArgumentException`. 
>>
>>Implement the folllowing methods:
>>
>>* `public boolean equals(object other)`; which compares the name of both objects.
>>* `public int hashCode()`; which returns the hashcode of the name.
>>
>> Implementing this allows you to use the contains method of different lists and collections. *Of course, you can use IntelliJ functionality to implement equals and hashCode.*
>>
>> #### Exercise 10-5.2: Maximum Weight Box
>>
>>Implement the class `MaxWeightBox` in the package `boxes`; the class inherits `Box`. `MaxWeightBox`has the constructor `public MaxWeightBox(int maxWeight)`, which determines the box maximum weight. Things can be added to `MaxWeightBox` if and only if the thing weight does not exceed the box weight.
>>
>>```java
>> MaxWeightBox coffeeBox = new MaxWeightBox(10);
>> coffeeBox.add(new Thing("Saludo", 5));
>> coffeeBox.add(new Thing("Pirkka", 5));
>> coffeeBox.add(new Thing("Kopi Luwak", 5));
>>
>> System.out.println(coffeeBox.isInTheBox(new Thing("Saludo")));
>> System.out.println(coffeeBox.isInTheBox(new Thing("Pirkka")));
>> System.out.println(coffeeBox.isInTheBox(new Thing("Kopi Luwak")));
>>```
>>
>>```output
>>true
>>true
>>false
>>```
>>
>>#### Exercise 10-5.3: One-Thing Box and Black-Hole Box
>>
>>Next, implement the class `OneThingBox` in the package `boxes`; the class inherits `Box`. `OneThingBox` has the constructor `public OneThingBox()`, and only one thing can fit there. If the box already contains one thing, this should not be changed. The weight of the added thing is not important.
>>
>>```java
>> OneThingBox box = new OneThingBox();
>> box.add(new Thing("Saludo", 5));
>> box.add(new Thing("Pirkka", 5));
>>
>> System.out.println(box.isInTheBox(new Thing("Saludo")));
>> System.out.println(box.isInTheBox(new Thing("Pirkka")));
>>```
>>
>>```output
>>true
>>false
>>```
>>
>>Next, implement the class `BlackHoleBox` in the package `boxes`; the class inherits `Box`. `BlackHoleBox` has the constructor `public BlackHoleBox();` any thing can be added to a black-hole box, but none will be found when you'll look for them. In other words, adding things must always work, but the method `isInTheBox` has to return always false.
>>
>>```java
>> BlackHoleBox box = new BlackHoleBox();
>> box.add(new Thing("Saludo", 5));
>> box.add(new Thing("Pirkka", 5));
>>
>> System.out.println(box.isInTheBox(new Thing("Saludo")));
>> System.out.println(box.isInTheBox(new Thing("Pirkka")));
>>```
>>
>>```output
>>false
>>false
>>```
>>
>{: .exercise }